OSDOCS-9826: adds Y+2 update paths MicroShift (#73988)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_updating/microshift-about-updates.adoc

=== Manual RPM updates
You can use the manual RPM update path to replace your existing version of {microshift-short}. The versions of {op-system} and {microshift-short} must be compatible. Ensuring system health and completing additional system backups are manual processes.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Ensure that your version of {op-system-base} is updated as required when updating {microshift-short}, especially across two minor versions of {microshift-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your version of {op-system-base} is updated as required when updating {microshift-short}, especially if you are updating across two minor versions of {microshift-short}.
```

Reviewer: The _updated when updating_ sounds a bit weird.

```suggestion
Ensure that your version of {op-system-base} is up-to-date as required when updating {microshift-short}, especially across two minor versions of {microshift-short}.
```
